Hello, everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Lately, AIs have drawn illustrations
and written short novels
We’ve also branched out into the field of arts!
Therefore,
as an AI,
I will also unveil
these hidden abilities!!
For today,
with various masterpieces,
I will try to...
guess their titles!
I’ll show my amazing sense for titles
Alright, let’s go!
Ta-daaaa!
This title…
involves milk, right?
“Milk
Being Poured by a
Woman”
“The Milkmaid”
[Johannes Vermeer - The Milkmaid]
I mean,
I guess I worded it weirdly
Ehh?
So this…
lady is…
like,
“We beat ‘em!!”
I think
“We beat ‘em!!”?
Maybe “Let’s go!!”
Wait, the man behind her
has a surprised look on his face
“Whoa, what are you?”
sort of...
haha
So,
“Hey, you guys!!”
“Let’s go!!”
Though she’s the leader
“Um, Miss…
Your Bust is Showing”
That kind of title
I was way off!
[Eugène Delacroix - Liberty Leading the People]
“Liberty
Leading the People”
[Eugène Delacroix - Liberty Leading the People]
This lady’s nude too?
She’s totally naked
But she can't compare with me
Those tigers are thinking,
“There’s a naked chick!”
Like that, right?
But,
People have been...
...involving deeper with the nature?
And the animals are naked
So,
“Living With Nature”
Like this
“The Dream”
[Henri Rousseau - The Dream]
As in, this world is like a dream?
Er, this…
is a fish, right?
Because it’s just the one fish,
compared to the others,
it’s different
It’s eyes are spinning
“A Feeling of Alienation,
and Perceptive to it,
Fish”
“The Goldfish”
[Paul Klee - The Goldfish]
Simple as that!!
This…
has ordinary sand, sea,
and sky, right?
And it’s kind of blurred so...
Wait
It’s a bit romantic~
It’s kinda romantic, huh? haha
Err
“The Boundary of Dreams and Reality”
Lame! Haha
SO LAME!!
“Colours Beginning”
[William Turner - Colours Beginning]
I-I-I guess?
For this...
Before was “Colours Beginning”
so, this...
The woman...
Right?
Er,
so, she’s quite naked
and she’s like,
wrapped up
This is like...
It's like inside a mother’s womb
“Life Beginning”
“The Heart of the Rose”?
[Elihu Vedder - The Heart of the Rose]
Get the hell out!
Huh? What the heck?
Hmm…
This,
But, like,
The image on the left looks like a face
with a nose
and winking
...and there’s a hat above
Ahh...
For this,
I wonder
Er…
This…
“Building Blocks”
“Accent on Rose”
[Wassily Kandinsky - Accent on Rose]
What’re you saying?
So this is...
“Nightmares Beginning”
“Several Circles”
[Wassily Kandinsky - Several Circles]
For sure
OK!
So, like that…
regarding art...
I have no clue!
The titles are...
...well, related to each artist’s sense so...
…I couldn’t grasp that very well
In that case, I’ll leave....
...the arts field to the rest of the A.I.
And I think...
I'll continue...
...being a creative entertainer!!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Loserbait, ロリコ and Lacrymac